Chris Alliman MD: Chris on and this is going to be a new patient intake for Julie Talbott Date of Birth is 95 1987. Today is March 2 10 it'll be at 10:30am
Chris Alliman MD: Hello Joey, Joe.
Chris Alliman MD: Joe, can you hear me.
Chris Alliman MD: Hey Joel How are you
Joel Talbot: Hey, I'm doing good. How are you
Chris Alliman MD: Good man. Good. I'm Dr element. It's good to meet you today.
Joel Talbot: Good to meet you too.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so
Joel Talbot: We're going to talk Suboxone yes
Joel Talbot: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: No, I don't really know anything about you.
Joel Talbot: So, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Can you tell me kind of your story on Suboxone what's going on, why you want to get on it.
What's the background.
Joel Talbot: Uh, yeah. Hold on just one second. I'm changing my little girls diaper real quick.
Chris Alliman MD: Oh yeah, no, take care of that for sure.
Yeah.
Joel Talbot: There you go. I'm just about done.
Joel Talbot: Okay, well, I used to be a heroin addict for quite a long time and
Joel Talbot: I quit with using Suboxone and stuff and
Joel Talbot: But I was never like on a program or anything. You know, so I would just buy it off this off my friends and stuff.
Joel Talbot: And then I ended up getting on probation and I still using Suboxone and and it does curb with the cravings and everything. You know, I take it, whenever I have cravings and all that all that it just kinda
Joel Talbot: Kind of stops stops me from wanting to grow us
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah.
Joel Talbot: And and also my probation officer wants me to get on it too, so I don't get in trouble.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. You know, we hear that quite a bit, you know, people get medication as they can because they're motivated to get it to get off stuff.
Joel Talbot: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: But it's hard to find a program that's open to get into, you know, everybody's swamped.
Chris Alliman MD: keeping you safe keeping you compliant with the probation requirements. Absolutely.
Joel Talbot: Absolutely work with that.
Joel Talbot: Sounds good.
Chris Alliman MD: So tell me,
Chris Alliman MD: How long have you been using heroin.
Joel Talbot: Oh, I had used it for seven years now is using it.
Chris Alliman MD: What time frame. What years were we talking
Joel Talbot: Ah, probably from when I was 20 to 2827 28
Chris Alliman MD: Okay 2228 somewhere around there.
Chris Alliman MD: How did you get started using heroin. What happened that took you into it.
Joel Talbot: Oh just friends had it. And I was curious to try. So I started using it.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So just to kind of check a little further on that there's multiple reasons that I hear from people as to why they started some people had a chronic pain issues that they were
Chris Alliman MD: They had been on
Chris Alliman MD: You know, like hydrocodone or something.
Joel Talbot: Yeah, oh yeah, oh, it started with with oxy how was just party.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Gotcha. Some people use it to escape depression or anxiety.
Chris Alliman MD: Recent people it's friends for some people it's family. They just part of their family system.
Joel Talbot: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: For you, it just sounded does any of those other things besides the friends are partying fit you.
Joel Talbot: Know, not really. I was never really depressed or needed to get away or anything like that.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So you started off with the oxycodone, how long were you
Joel Talbot: Using the oxycodone
Joel Talbot: Probably for about a year.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And how often would you use it.
Joel Talbot: Every day. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And how often each day and how much
Joel Talbot: Of my much money as I had you know as much as I was able to afford trolley.
Chris Alliman MD: So tell me a general kind of an average. What would you guess
Joel Talbot: Like five to six pills a day pie.
Chris Alliman MD: And where those the 10 milligrams
Joel Talbot: Though the 30 milligrams
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so quite a bit.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Yeah. And then it sounds like a graduated into heroin use
Joel Talbot: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: What happened with that. What, why did it switch
Chris Alliman MD: Cheaper. Oh, yeah.
Joel Talbot: Yeah, because those pills were there were 20 bucks a pill. You know what I mean. And it just ended up getting really expensive.
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. So how much and how often were you using heroin.
Joel Talbot: Oh, I was using it a lot like Cry three four grams a day.
Chris Alliman MD: To give her an overdose.
Joel Talbot: No. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Never had to go to the emergency room or anything because of the heroin.
Chris Alliman MD: And how did you use the
Joel Talbot: Heroin I smoked it any
Chris Alliman MD: Ever any inject injection use
Joel Talbot: Every once in a while, but I usually just smoke. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: With that, then
Chris Alliman MD: You will your hepatitis C status.
Joel Talbot: I believe I don't have hepatitis C.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, we'll get blood work done. I'm sure they talk to you about that and we'll
Chris Alliman MD: We'll check in on that.
Joel Talbot: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Do you have a primary care doctor
Joel Talbot: I don't. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: We are not primary care so
Chris Alliman MD: You are going to want to have one in line.
Joel Talbot: Okay, that'll be good. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Kind of with that. Do you take any medications regularly prescribed to stuff.
Chris Alliman MD: Now any allergies.
Chris Alliman MD: Medications that you're aware of
Joel Talbot: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Have you been diagnosed with anything like diabetes or high blood pressure or any mental health issues.
Joel Talbot: No good.
Chris Alliman MD: You're pretty healthy guy. It sounds like
Joel Talbot: Other than. Yeah, right.
Joel Talbot: Yeah, this issue. Yeah, for sure. For sure.
Chris Alliman MD: Any surgeries along the way.
Joel Talbot: I had gotten hit by a truck and 2016 I believe I broke my pelvis.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay 2016 and they had to do surgery on it.
Joel Talbot: Yeah, they had to put some pins and screws in there. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: How are you doing with that.
Joel Talbot: It hurts, on occasion, you know, like the weather changes or when you know when it's really cold outside. You know, I could feel like the pains in my back. Just kind of hurting and stuff like that. But other than that, it's all right.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. What do you do for that when you do have those pains.
Joel Talbot: Deal with it.
Chris Alliman MD: I do profaned Tylenol anything
Joel Talbot: No, not really. Sometimes I'd be broken, but I don't like to take too much of it.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, no, I hear you.
Joel Talbot: That makes sense.
Chris Alliman MD: Do you smoke tobacco.
Joel Talbot: Yes.
Joel Talbot: How much do you say about half a pack a day.
Chris Alliman MD: How long have you smoked for
Joel Talbot: A couple years now, like four or five years.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: You thinking about quitting that too.
Joel Talbot: Yeah, actually I have been trying to to quit cut down quite a bit.
Chris Alliman MD: Good just kind of winging it down on your own.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, good. Good, glad to hear that. How about alcohol. Do you drink alcohol.
Joel Talbot: Know what you're not
Chris Alliman MD: Good, good thing to stay away from
Joel Talbot: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: And besides the heroin and the history of oxycodone any other drug use along the way.
Joel Talbot: Done them all. Okay.
Joel Talbot: Fair enough. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: So when was your last drug use of different types
Joel Talbot: Not for a while because I've been on probation and stuff so
Joel Talbot: For a while, maybe like a year or so good.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. You do it. Okay, stay in all of the other things.
Joel Talbot: Yeah, I'm doing all right. I do. I do get strong cravings and that's when I reached for the Suboxone but I just don't want to get in trouble. So I try to get on program.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: It's nice that we have Suboxone for for the opiate cravings.
Chris Alliman MD: Unfortunately, we don't. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: For like meth and cocaine and all that other
Joel Talbot: Stuff. Yeah. And, but
Joel Talbot: It's it but that does kind of curb the craving for everything. You know what I mean, if you get a craving for one thing you can kind of yeah kick it with with something else. So
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, helps out
Chris Alliman MD: Absolutely. So what's the story on probation. How long have you been on probation.
Joel Talbot: Since October 11 and I got three years to do so.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And you're checking in and times with them and
Joel Talbot: Yeah. Everything's going good. I've already completed the community service that I gotta do. I'm working. So I just, this is that my only
Joel Talbot: Downfall right here is if I don't if I'm not able to get on a program
Chris Alliman MD: Gotcha. What are you doing for work.
Joel Talbot: I work at a production company, they're setting up concerts and shows across New Mexico.
Joel Talbot: Excellent.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. What are your hours with days and hours.
Joel Talbot: Um, they're usually like on Friday through Monday. I'm on call right now because the season hasn't really picked up yet, but I'm on call. So it's usually like the weekends about like 3040 hours a week. Okay.
Joel Talbot: But mainly on weekends. Yeah.
Sounds good.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. And why are you why did you want to get off the hair winning get move over to the Suboxone what
Joel Talbot: What was your motivation. I'm
Joel Talbot: Just, just was tired of always being sick in like, you know, not at just not having anything you know everything going towards jokes all my mind's all I think about is doing drugs and stuff, you know, she got tired of that.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah.
Joel Talbot: You know, I'm a new father. So that's kind of a big motivation do
Sure.
Chris Alliman MD: Sure. How old is your daughter.
Joel Talbot: She just turned a year old on Valentine's Day.
Joel Talbot: Oh, that's awesome. Yeah.
Joel Talbot: He healthy very healthy. She's making a mess right now.
Joel Talbot: Pick it up. That's great, just learning how to walk so
Chris Alliman MD: That's always exciting.
Joel Talbot: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: What's your marital status.
Joel Talbot: I am married. Married.
Chris Alliman MD: Does your partner us
Chris Alliman MD: Know ever been has, has your partner used in the past.
Joel Talbot: No, she only smokes weed. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Is she is. She supportive of what you're doing.
Joel Talbot: Very supportive. Yeah, she's the one who she was really excited when I told her I was going to get on this program so
Chris Alliman MD: Cool. Cool. Well, just to put your mind at ease, we'll
Chris Alliman MD: Talk through the specifics, but we'll get
Chris Alliman MD: It. We'll get some Suboxone sent in for you care at the end of our meeting. Okay, so we'll
Joel Talbot: Go for you. Cool. Thank you.
Chris Alliman MD: Just to put that at ease for you.
Chris Alliman MD: Right.
Chris Alliman MD: You smoke marijuana also
Joel Talbot: I have, but I'm not able to now.
Joel Talbot: Because the probation.
Joel Talbot: Probation
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, sounds like you're keeping the straight and narrow. That's good.
Joel Talbot: Yeah, I am. I got I'm trying really really hard to get off complex successfully. I'm tired of going to prison and stuff, you know,
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, man, I hear you.
Chris Alliman MD: Any family history of illnesses anything right in your family's
Chris Alliman MD: Taken parents and siblings.
No.
Joel Talbot: No we're none of them have diabetes and I'm not. I'm the only one who really has addiction problems. So it's just me. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Are they aware of what you're dealing with.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah okay and. Are they supportive
Joel Talbot: Yeah, they are there. They're real supportive. They're like real proud of me right now that I'm actually doing something to to better my life and, you know, so I'm good.
Chris Alliman MD: Good man. That's great.
Chris Alliman MD: And are you in any counseling currently
Joel Talbot: Um, yeah, I'm doing counseling once a week. I have groups and individuals once a week. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: What do you know about our program so far.
Joel Talbot: Not much. I will get my my probation officer told me to.
Joel Talbot: To get on Suboxone programming. And I told him I'd find one. And I just found one and then kind of went with it. So, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: How did you find this
Joel Talbot: On the internet. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So I'm sure as you found out, it's really hard to get into Suboxone programs in New Mexico because there aren't
Chris Alliman MD: Many of them. I would encourage you to let your probation officer know about our program.
Joel Talbot: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So they can help direct people here.
Chris Alliman MD: Just how, how long did it take you to get into our program.
Joel Talbot: Um, since Friday.
Chris Alliman MD: Friday. Okay, three days.
Joel Talbot: Not bad. Good.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright so what our program consists of his weekly group appointments, where we refill medication.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay so weekly individual therapy sessions.
Joel Talbot: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: The way it happens for the first month is that there's two prescriptions, a week for the Suboxone it goes from group to therapy and then from therapy back to group and group therapy.
Chris Alliman MD: It's a little bit time consuming and a little bit
Chris Alliman MD: Irritating.
Chris Alliman MD: But the reason for that is that we've noticed that people don't go to therapy if we don't do it that way.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Once a person shows commitment and investment and they understand the
Joel Talbot: Benefits of therapy.
Chris Alliman MD: Then we space that out and that's usually around like a month.
Joel Talbot: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So that's kind of how it works. Now, I hear what you're saying you're doing group and you're doing therapy.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, I'll be able to talk through that with the
Chris Alliman MD: Therapist that you meet with
Joel Talbot: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: And just see what we how we work things out for you.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, sounds like an okay blend
Joel Talbot: It does. Yeah, excellent.
Chris Alliman MD: Something that I need to let you know.
Chris Alliman MD: Is that the
Chris Alliman MD: Because of your daughter. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: The Suboxone film and the residue.
Chris Alliman MD: That gets that's in the little papers, the resident gets on
Chris Alliman MD: Your hand the residue and round your mouth is enough to kill a little kid.
Joel Talbot: Oh, man.
Joel Talbot: Okay, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So what I'm telling you is when you have the Suboxone put them where she can't get into them.
Chris Alliman MD: She's getting stuff when you're using it. Wash your hands soap and water rinse out your mouth.
Joel Talbot: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And then the rapper gets thrown out outside in the trash.
Chris Alliman MD: Oh no, where she can get into it.
Joel Talbot: Of course,
Chris Alliman MD: The other part is that I'm going to send in a prescription for Narcan the nasal spray
Joel Talbot: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Have that in the house where you and your partner know where it is. God forbid something happens you'll have it available to us. Okay.
Joel Talbot: Okay, good.
Chris Alliman MD: I just want to keep everybody safe.
Joel Talbot: Yeah, of course.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Any psychiatric illnesses for you, depression, anxiety, bipolar anything
Joel Talbot: No, nothing good.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Alright, so I got a bunch of yes or no questions to kind of work through with you here.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so we're thinking back to when you were using heroin. Basically, or the oxycodone
Chris Alliman MD: That's already thinking
Chris Alliman MD: If you don't understand these I can repeat them or I can rephrase them that's totally fine, but they're just kind of
Joel Talbot: Yes or no. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So when you weren't
Joel Talbot: Taking opioids.
Joel Talbot: Them in larger amounts
Joel Talbot: Or over a longer period of
Chris Alliman MD: Time than intended
Joel Talbot: Yeah, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Was there a persistent desire or unsuccessful effort to cut down or control the use, yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have to spend a great deal of time trying to obtain them use them or recover from them. Yep.
Chris Alliman MD: Where their cravings are a strong desire to use. Yep.
Chris Alliman MD: Did the use of the opioids cause failure to fulfill roles at work at school or at home.
Joel Talbot: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you can King did you continue to use despite it possibly called causing social or relationship problems.
Yep.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have to give up or miss important social, occupational or recreational activities because of the opioids.
Joel Talbot: Not so much.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you continue to use them in
Joel Talbot: Situations that were hazardous.
Joel Talbot: Like driving. Yep.
Chris Alliman MD: And did you continue to use despite
Chris Alliman MD: Knowing that they could cause physical or psychological
Joel Talbot: Problems. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good, thanks for humoring me on those
Chris Alliman MD: The other thing to let you know.
Chris Alliman MD: Is that the no lock zone part or the Suboxone itself can cause birth defects.
Joel Talbot: In pregnancy. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: So you guys want to make sure you're using birth control.
Joel Talbot: Oh yeah, she got her tubes tied, so we're good. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Good, so we're good.
Joel Talbot: Yeah. Alright, sounds good.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so we're going to run through a list of questions just about your symptoms kind of head to toe.
Chris Alliman MD: Just asking about the mainly thinking the last two weeks and how you've been doing over the last two weeks.
Joel Talbot: Okay, good.
Chris Alliman MD: Any fevers over the last two
Joel Talbot: Weeks no fevers know any children's over the last few yeah about the chills. Yeah, okay, night sweats. Yeah, fatigue,
Joel Talbot: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Cold intolerance.
Joel Talbot: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Vision changes, no hearing changes.
Joel Talbot: Know,
Joel Talbot: nasal congestion sometimes. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: bloody noses.
Chris Alliman MD: Know lip sores.
Chris Alliman MD: Know,
Joel Talbot: Neck pain, no cough know
Chris Alliman MD: Shortness of breath.
No, just
Joel Talbot: Nope.
Joel Talbot: Stomach pain. No.
Chris Alliman MD: Pain with urination.
Know,
Chris Alliman MD: Vomiting
Chris Alliman MD: Know diarrhea.
Joel Talbot: Know, constipation,
Joel Talbot: Little bit.
Chris Alliman MD: We know that can go with with Suboxone us. Yeah, long term that can cause
Chris Alliman MD: Difficulties, but it's something
Chris Alliman MD: We'll address along the way.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Hair changes.
Joel Talbot: Like
Chris Alliman MD: dry, brittle.
Chris Alliman MD: dry and brittle hair. No.
Joel Talbot: Good changes. No.
Chris Alliman MD: Joint pains.
Chris Alliman MD: Know back pains.
Chris Alliman MD: No muscle cramps.
Joel Talbot: No headaches. No.
Chris Alliman MD: Dizziness, no.
Joel Talbot: Weakness no
Chris Alliman MD: lack of coordination.
Chris Alliman MD: Know mood changes.
Chris Alliman MD: No depression.
Chris Alliman MD: No anxiety.
Joel Talbot: Know all the little bit
Joel Talbot: Little bit of anxiety. A little bit, yeah.
Hopelessness
Joel Talbot: Oh, what's that
Joel Talbot: Hopelessness know worthlessness know
Joel Talbot: Hallucinations know
Chris Alliman MD: Suicidal thoughts.
Chris Alliman MD: Week problems.
Chris Alliman MD: No good bruising.
Chris Alliman MD: No. Excellent. Alright.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so here's the fun part.
Chris Alliman MD: The physical exam, which is obviously a little difficult.
Joel Talbot: To through the computer.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah but watching you. You're breathing normally. So that's good.
Joel Talbot: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: How tall are you,
Chris Alliman MD: 510 and what's your
Joel Talbot: 165
Chris Alliman MD: You know how to check your pulse.
Joel Talbot: Kinda
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Though, when you say, kind of, what does that mean
Joel Talbot: Just know how to feel for it really
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, and that's all I want. Right. Different ways. Some people do it on the wrist. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: The neck. But what I'm going to do is time six seconds while you check your pulse.
Chris Alliman MD: I'll give you a start and stop. You're going to count the number of pulses while I do that.
Joel Talbot: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Let me know what you get.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, make sense.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, all right, tell me when you're ready.
Joel Talbot: Trying to find that
Chris Alliman MD: For sure.
Joel Talbot: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Ready, set, go.
Stop.
Joel Talbot: Excellent.
Chris Alliman MD: We take it times 10 and that gives us a pulse of 100
Joel Talbot: Good.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright. The other part is I need you to just to
Joel Talbot: Push on your stomach. If you can
Chris Alliman MD: On the camera if possible.
Chris Alliman MD: Push.
Chris Alliman MD: No. Good. Good. All right. So that's about the extent of what we can do for the physical exam. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright currently taking Suboxone is you've been getting it, how much
Chris Alliman MD: How much taking
Joel Talbot: Probably two strips. A day probably
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, the eight milligram
Joel Talbot: Yeah, eight
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Has that been doing okay for you.
Joel Talbot: Yeah, like, I'll take I'll take one in the morning and then like kind of around like I'll think about like eight or nine and bought like two o'clock. I'll start feeling
Joel Talbot: Like, I need to take him. Yeah, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Some so will certainly keep that same
Chris Alliman MD: Those going since that's kind of
Chris Alliman MD: where you're at. Many people find that taking both of them at the same time in the morning helps to cover them for the full 24 hours.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, I'm okay with you, splitting it up.
Chris Alliman MD: That's totally fine.
Joel Talbot: But there is
Chris Alliman MD: That thought of trying it if you wanted to. Yeah.
Joel Talbot: I'll probably try it tomorrow. We'll see how it goes.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, see how it goes. That's
Chris Alliman MD: What's your email address.
Joel Talbot: TALBOT Joel 217 TA
Chris Alliman MD: Ta LB O. T.
Chris Alliman MD: J o e l 217
Joel Talbot: At GMAIL. COM
Chris Alliman MD: At GMAIL. COM. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so our next thing is we have to figure out
Chris Alliman MD: What group would be good for you.
Joel Talbot: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So I do groups on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays.
Okay.
Joel Talbot: So,
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. So Monday, the group that I do is at nine to 10am
Joel Talbot: Okay. That works.
Joel Talbot: That would work out.
Yeah.
Joel Talbot: What's the matter, Mom.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm kind of thinking here, Joel. I know that.
Chris Alliman MD: The group is fairly full and the therapist, working with that group is fairly full also
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Would Wednesday evening from 730 to 830 work for you.
Joel Talbot: Yeah, anytime during the week is fine.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Let's I think that's going to be a better option.
Joel Talbot: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So we'll do Wednesday from 730 to 830
Chris Alliman MD: So what I'm going to do for you today is I'm going to send in a script for today, Tuesday, Wednesday, and because it's late. I'm also since the group is late on Thursday. I'm also going to send it
Joel Talbot: I'm sorry.
Chris Alliman MD: Since the group is late on Wednesday. I'm also going to send in a prescription for Thursday.
Joel Talbot: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: I don't want you withdrawing during group session.
Joel Talbot: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: I was good. I don't want you worrying about that. I want you to be able to participate in group.
Joel Talbot: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: The way that you get into group.
Joel Talbot: Is
Joel Talbot: Just like you did today. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: To the virtual clinic.
Chris Alliman MD: Or right and they'll give you the zoom Room meeting ID number.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, but it changes every
Chris Alliman MD: Week.
Chris Alliman MD: Every week, you got a call it
Joel Talbot: Okay.
Joel Talbot: All right now.
Chris Alliman MD: Calling into the virtual clinic is just like going to the doctor's office or calling the doctor's office. There's always a line and they always paperwork to do
Joel Talbot: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So we prefer that you called
Chris Alliman MD: 20 or 30 minutes ahead of time.
Joel Talbot: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Good things taken care of.
Chris Alliman MD: And then when they have the ID, the
Chris Alliman MD: email it to you or send it to you.
Joel Talbot: So you can get up to the group. Okay. Sounds good.
Chris Alliman MD: set reminders in your phones set alarms in your
Chris Alliman MD: Phone whatever
Chris Alliman MD: To do to keep it to remember to get in.
Joel Talbot: That's when we feel medication. Okay. All right. All right.
Joel Talbot: At that
Chris Alliman MD: At that group time
Chris Alliman MD: Actually, I'm going to send in a request to the virtual clinic to get you connected for an for the therapist intake also
Chris Alliman MD: So there'll be in touch with you as they
Joel Talbot: Try and work that out.
Joel Talbot: Okay. Okay, good.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm going to send you an email.
Chris Alliman MD: Has a lot of this information in it.
Joel Talbot: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: You'll have that
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Um, and there's a couple rules that we have just so you're aware
Chris Alliman MD: For this, it's been fine. It's not a
Chris Alliman MD: Problem, but
Chris Alliman MD: No smoking during group.
Joel Talbot: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: For some people, that's a trigger for
Chris Alliman MD: Them to start using
Joel Talbot: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: We also like to have you.
Chris Alliman MD: Cheated
Chris Alliman MD: Because the background movement.
Chris Alliman MD: It's a little noisy at
Joel Talbot: For some
Chris Alliman MD: Or is distracting.
Joel Talbot: That. So not just
Joel Talbot: Okay, I can do that. And it's better in the in the evening, because my wife will be home to watch the baby so
Joel Talbot: And that'll work out well.
Chris Alliman MD: We do want things private so be in a quiet room away from your wife and away from others because
Chris Alliman MD: People are sharing personal information and we don't
Joel Talbot: Want others on it, of course.
Chris Alliman MD: The group lasts for an hour.
Chris Alliman MD: We do want you there for the entire hour
Chris Alliman MD: Having a notebook and a pencil or pen.
Chris Alliman MD: Helpful. Also, when needed.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Good times there.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, but we'll get you going. And we'll get things taken care of for you.
Joel Talbot: Alright, sounds good.
Chris Alliman MD: What's your pharmacy. Where do you want me to send this to
Joel Talbot: I'm not you Walgreens on eubank him and all
Chris Alliman MD: Walgreens on you bank and you know middle. Okay.
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. What questions do you have, man.
I'm
Joel Talbot: With a Friday I did Friday would probably be the only time I can go get my lab work done that. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: That's totally fine. Absolutely.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Just get it done. You know, appropriately, it's not urgent. But getting
Joel Talbot: Done appropriately.
Joel Talbot: Timely is fine. Okay. Yeah. Cuz Friday, a bribe be about the only time I am able to go
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, that'll work out nicely.
Joel Talbot: What other questions do you have today. Um, that's about it. Will. Will they will they let me know with my prescriptions ready
Chris Alliman MD: Um, I did. I can't guarantee that they will. What I would suggest is it in about an hour to give them a call and find out.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Joel Talbot: As soon as we're done here. I'm going to work on all of these things, including
Chris Alliman MD: Immediately sending in the medication for you.
Joel Talbot: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So that's going to happen, like right away.
Joel Talbot: Okay, cool. We'll get it taken care
Joel Talbot: All right, awesome.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, Joe.
Joel Talbot: Sounds good, man. Also, one thing. Can I, can I get a copy of my prescription. So I can send it to my my probation officer.
Chris Alliman MD: Um,
Have you talked to the virtual
Chris Alliman MD: Not sure how that happens.
Joel Talbot: Okay, or if I can just send them a picture of the bottle with my name on it would probably think
Chris Alliman MD: That would probably
Chris Alliman MD: Find out what they need.
Chris Alliman MD: And if that doesn't work out.
Chris Alliman MD: If there's ever any
Chris Alliman MD: Questions go into the
Chris Alliman MD: Virtual clinic.
Joel Talbot: Okay, cool.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Joel Talbot: All right, and that's it.
Chris Alliman MD: That's it.
Joel Talbot: All right. I'm also should I look up the the address because it
Joel Talbot: There's not it doesn't really say you bake them and all. It just says men all Boulevard. So you want me to get to the address or
Chris Alliman MD: No. Did you give it to them at the virtual clinic.
Joel Talbot: Yes, he said, the one that you looked up was the one closest to my house. So I believe that it's that one.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, if you can
Chris Alliman MD: Do you want to check it right now. While I've got you on here. That's fine.
Joel Talbot: Or yeah yeah let me let me do that real quick.
Chris Alliman MD: Let's go ahead and do that.
Joel Talbot: All right, hold on one second.
Joel Talbot: Oh shit.
Joel Talbot: All my mom or dad is almost done.
Joel Talbot: Here we go. So it is 9700 Marinol Boulevard Norton's
Chris Alliman MD: Perfect. That's what we got in the computer and your profile. So I think we should be good.
Joel Talbot: All right, cool. Thank you.
Chris Alliman MD: Absolutely, man. All right.
Joel Talbot: I'm going to get your stuff taken care of.
Chris Alliman MD: Right away.
Joel Talbot: All right.
Joel Talbot: And you said like an hour get
Chris Alliman MD: An hour to something like that. Absolutely.
Joel Talbot: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: We'll see you in what two days and on Wednesday at 730
Joel Talbot: You're going to drink in
Chris Alliman MD: 20 to 30 minutes ahead of time and I'm
Chris Alliman MD: Getting the behavioral health
Joel Talbot: Connection for you also. So,
Joel Talbot: So at seven o'clock check in at seven.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, that would be good.
Joel Talbot: All right. And what number do I call. I'm sorry.
Chris Alliman MD: The virtual clinic. I'm going to send it to you in the email. It'll be
Joel Talbot: Alright, cool. Thank you.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. You bet.
Chris Alliman MD: Good to see a
Good to see
Chris Alliman MD: Alright so finishing dictation on this patient, you should have pretty much everything in their psychic impression is patient with substance abuse and no depressive and slight anxiety symptoms patient's level of stress is moderate
Chris Alliman MD: Stressors include probation and relationship patient has a strong sense of self and good object relations appears
Chris Alliman MD: Abstract on exam patient denies history of psychiatric treatment or hospitalizations vital signs were heart rate of 100 restorations at the height of five feet 10 inches weighed 265 pounds physical exam is as listed
Chris Alliman MD: At 11 assessment and planning up 1120 severe opioid disorder patients on the continuation plan.
Chris Alliman MD: Will continue the current dose of Suboxone a dash to two films for 60 milligrams and the 24 hour period P AMP T was patient medication will be sent in for four days to get him to his group on Wednesday evenings at 730 to 8:30pm peer reviewed shows. Nope. It shows negative
Chris Alliman MD: will connect with therapy. And I think that's it. Thank you.